---
published: false
---
## Fasting

Today, I am on a fast. Yes I am hungry - but I believe I have the discipline to see this through.

Honestly, a cursory look at fasting materials suggest planning such as eating certain foods, drinking a certain amount of water, and having a real purpose to your fast. Well, I may have fucked all that up since my fast is a result of curiosity and opportunity. I didn't wake up soon enough to make breakfast today, so today became the day to try it out. Let's fly on a whim!

Last night I had some pasta, shrimp, and asparagus that was generously offered by my friend Kendall before we went to a concert (Tobacco @ the Triple Rock) at around 8:30pm. We biked to the show, had a beer there, and biked home, so there was some excersize and some more calories in the beer. Before bed, and before I planned to do a fast today, I snuck in some peanut butter and milk right before bed. 

As with every morning, I did make my ritual coffee in the morning, so I have that with me today. I even added a little nutmeg as a booster. It tastes a little strange, I don't know that I'll do this too often. 

The extra nudge to fast today was not having a packed lunch either and the self-loathing that comes from paying for lunch.

This is my second wave of hunger, and I don't doubt by 4pm I'm going to be ravashed. But before then, I have a 15 minute phone interview with a possible dream job in Chicago - so today is a risky venture. To hell with comfort!

I'll come back with more.

------

2:45pm Believe it or not, I was just able to interview for a job very effectually! Still feeling good, not as hungry as I was at lunch, and still quite focused.

------

5:00pm My energy levels and focus have been quite good since lunch. I feel less clammy than I did around then. Starting to get the acetone breath that is familiar to me with the Ketogenic diet. I'm getting a bit bored with not having much work to do - and that boredom has had my mind wander to snacking a few times. Thankfully I can still squash that idea.

Really, I'm quite surprised at how, erm, not-difficult this is. Hunger sucks, but it doesn't suck like some of the endurance bike rides and hikes I've done.

------

I made it! No problem. I was a bit bored and found myself pacing for food about an hour before my sweet release, but that was fine. I made some cube steak, steamed veggies, and a salad with ranch. Oh boy did it taste good!! There was a real enhancement to the flavor and enjoyment to eating, and wow did I want to eat all the things. Like a dog off the leash, my mind kept imagining all sorts of delicious foods and feeling completely free to have any of them. Though, I read that it may be overbearing to gourge myself after fasting, I was cautious to eat too much. That wasn't a problem, this was after-all about discipline. 

Before I went to bed, my lasting craving for a chocolate frosting donut got too much, and I biked in the rain to go get one. Completely worth it.

------

In a few weeks I want to stretch this and try for 48 hours, and on a later attempt do 72.